Merge TAC governance update (#112)
ossf/tac: process/sig-lifecycle.md

# Special Interest Group (SIG) Life Cycle

> Special Interest Groups are under the direct governance of a Working Group (WG) which can create and close them as necessary and appropriate. SIGs are expected to have a very specific goal and not necessarily live for a very long time.

Reviewer: Suggest "specific _and terminable_ goal".

Reviewer 2: As above, not clear why needs to be terminable.

Reviewer 3: +1

> Special Interest Groups are under the direct governance of a Working Group (WG) which can create and close them as necessary and appropriate. SIGs are expected to have a very specific goal and not necessarily live for a very long time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Special Interest Groups are under the direct governance of a Working Group (WG) which can create and close them as necessary and appropriate. SIGs are expected to have a very specific goals and objectives at the time of their creation which may or may not define if they are terminable and is entirely dependent on the nature of the SIG.
```

The lifecycle of SIGs is therefore minimal and as follows.

## Active

* The SIG is actively pursuing its goal.

## Inactive

> * The SIG is no longer active, either it has completed its mission or the mission was abandoned.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The SIG is no longer active, either it has completed its mission or the mission was abandoned. At which state, the WG the SIG is under will determine a termination status and record it within the corresponding repository.
```

Reviewer 5: +1 to suggested changes
